Direction: Nine people in a family have to go out for dinner. There are two available cars - Car 1 and Car 2 - each of which can accommodate five persons. But there are certain conditions that need to be followed:
(i) Vats will always go in Car 1 and does not want Aks in the same car.
(ii) Exactly two out of the three children - Meh, Rey and Dan - will be in one car.
(iii) Chat and Nag will always be together in a car.
(iv) If Ana and Aks are in the same car, then Vij will also be in the same car.
(v) Any car cannot have more than five persons.
Questions : 
1)	If Meh and Rey are in Car 1, how many different
 combination are possible ?

A.	Six
B.	Five
C.	Three
D.	Four
   

2)	If Ana and Aks are not in the same car, then which among the 
following cannot be the complete list of the occupants of Car 1 ?

A.	Vats, Ana, Chat, Nag, Rey
B.	Vats, Ana, Vij, Rey, Meh
C.	Vats, Nag, Chat, Ana
D.	Vats, Ana, Rey, Dan



3)	If Ana is in Car 2 which has four persons, then which of 
the following is definitely true ?

A.	Nag is in Car 2.
B.	Car 1 has exactly one child.
C.	Vij is in Car 1.
D.	Car 2 has exactly one child.


4)	If Chat is in Car 2, then who among the following is definitely 
in Car 1 ?

A.	Rey
B.	Vij
C.	Ana
D.	Dan





































Direction: Big B, the political wizard, was selecting his team for the forthcoming elections. 
His team was to have two speechwriters, two spokesman and two media coordinators. The 
available speechwriters for selection were A, B, C and D. Similarly, the available spokesmen 
were E, F and G and the available media coordinators were H, I, J, K. Further conditions are as follows:
(i) If A is selected, neither F nor J can be selected.
(ii) If C is selected, then J is definitely selected .
(iii) H and K will always be selected together.
(iv) I and K will never be selected together.
1) Which two people cannot be a part of the same team ?

A.	I and J
B.	A and D
C.	B and D
D.	A and C

2) Which among the following is an acceptable combination ?

A.	A, B, E, F, H, I
B.	A, B, E, G, I, K
C.	C, D, E, G, F, I
D.	None of these

3) If C is selected, who among the following will definitely not 
get selected ?

A.	B
B.	K
C.	E
D.	J
4)If A is selected, in how many ways can the team be selected ?
A.	Two
B.	One
C.	Three
D.	Four

A team is to be selected out of the four boys - Prashant, Amit, Sood and Gupta - and the 
four girls - Ruchi, Neha, Deepti and Sriya - such that the team should have at least
 two boys and two girls. Further conditions are as follows:
(i) If Ruchi is selected, neither Amit nor Sood can be selected.
(ii) If Prashant is selected, Gupta is also selected.
(iii) Sriya will be in the team only if Sood is also in the team.
(iv) Amit, if selected would not like to have Neha in the team.
1)What could be the maximum strength of a team so formed ?

A.	Four
B.	Six
C.	Five
D.	Seven

2) If Ruchi is a part of th team, then who among the following will definitely not be a part of the team ?
A.	Prashant
B.	Deepti
C.	Sriya
D.	Gupta















